# Artificial-Intelligence-Project
Developed a Naive Bayes classifier to predict whether a person could save 50k per year or not. Using the probability events and strong independence assumptions, using Gaussian, Bernoulli, and Multinomial classifiers
This project aims mainly to apply the Naive Bayes classifier to predict whether a person could save 50k per year or not. The dataset includes about 45k records, with 13 columns, containing the main information about some people that could affect our prediction of their income, such as capital loss, work class, and the number of hours for work per week. As the whole dataset information is independent attributes, it has been chosen to apply Naive Bayes. The Naïve Bayes model is a classification-based machine learning algorithm. The supervised model is used for classification, including text or spam prediction. The model is based on probability events that join strong independence assumptions. In this work, we have demonstrated three different types of Naive Bayes classifiers, including Gaussian Naive Bayes, Bernoulli Naive Bayes, and Multinomial Naive Bayes. According to the literature review, Bernolli is better at handling binary attributes, while Gussian is more for continuous data. As a result, we expect that the multinomial Naive Bayes, which works for discrete-time data, would be the best choice for our work. Yet, we decided to apply the three types, check out the results of each of them, and then, empirically, we can decide on the fittest algorithm.
